TW-1274 rework domain capture (#5039)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/administration/domain-verification-and-capture/domain-capture-support-and-faqs.md

---

> title: "Domain capture support and FAQs"

Reviewer: I feel like this content can be turned into a topic instead of a Q&A.

Reviewer 2: I think we should actually remove the "and support" and make the whole thing a FAQ.

updated: 2023-03-07
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: "Additional resources"
  - type: subtitle
    name: "Blog posts"
  - type: link
    name: "Introducing Domain Capture: Group Your Organization’s Postman Users into a Single Team"
    url: "https://blog.postman.com/introducing-domain-capture/"
---

> **[Domain verification and capture are available on Postman Enterprise Ultimate plans.](https://www.postman.com/pricing)**

For more information on the effects of enabling domain capture and when to contact Postman support for assistance, see below.

## Contents

* [Domain capture FAQs](#domain-capture-faqs)

* [Domain capture support](#domain-capture-support)

## Domain capture FAQs

### What happens to captured users and their data (collections, environments) when domain capture is enabled?

The experience for captured users depends on their prior team status:

> * If a captured user is already on your organization's team, nothing changes for them.

Reviewer 2: Maybe not now, but someday I'd like to think of a better way to illustrate this without a weird bulleted list. Would it work better as a table? Or a diagram?

* If a captured user isn't part of any team:
    * All existing user sessions are revoked.
    * The next time the user logs in, they will be prompted to join your organization's team using SSO.
    * When the user authenticates into your organization's team using SSO, their existing data will be transferred to the team.
* If a captured user is part of an existing free or paid team:
    * They're removed from their existing team.
    * All existing user sessions are revoked.
    * The next time the user logs in, they will be prompted to join your organization's team using SSO.
    * Users can authenticate into your organization's team using SSO.
    * They will lose access to all data from their earlier teams, including personal workspaces. No data will be transferred from their earlier teams to their new team.

>         > To transfer an existing user's collections and environments from their earlier teams to their new team, [contact Postman support](#contacting-support-to-manage-accounts).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        > To transfer an existing user's collections and environments from their earlier teams to their new team, [contact Postman support](/docs/administration/domain-verification-and-capture/enable-domain-capture/#contact-support-to-manage-accounts).
```

* If a captured user is the last Admin of an existing free team:
    * They're removed from the team and the remaining users are assigned the [Admin role](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles).
    * All existing user sessions are revoked.
    * The next time the user logs in, they will be prompted to join your organization's team using SSO.
    * Users can authenticate into your organization's team using SSO.
    * They will lose access to all data from their earlier teams, including personal workspaces. No data will be transferred from their earlier teams to their new team.

>         > To transfer an existing user's collections and environments from their earlier teams to their new team, [contact Postman support](#contacting-support-to-manage-accounts).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        > To transfer an existing user's collections and environments from their earlier teams to their new team, [contact Postman support](/docs/administration/domain-verification-and-capture/enable-domain-capture/#contact-support-to-manage-accounts).
```

* If a captured user is the last Admin of an existing paid team:
    * Postman support will contact your Team Admins to discuss how to approach this prior to verifying the domain you've added to your team.
    * All existing user sessions are revoked.
    * The next time the user logs in, they will be prompted to leave their existing team.
    * They will need to contact [Postman support](https://www.postman.com/support/) to assign the Admin role to another team member and remove them from the team.
    * Users can authenticate into your organization's team using SSO.
    * They will lose access to all data from their earlier teams, including personal workspaces. No data will be transferred from their earlier teams to their new team.

>         > To transfer an existing user's collections and environments from their earlier teams to their new team, [contact Postman support](#contacting-support-to-manage-accounts).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        > To transfer an existing user's collections and environments from their earlier teams to their new team, [contact Postman support](/docs/administration/domain-verification-and-capture/enable-domain-capture/#contact-support-to-manage-accounts).
```

### Can a Team Admin view the list of user accounts that will be captured before enabling domain capture?

> Yes, a Team Admin can view the list of the unclaimed Postman accounts that will be captured prior to confirming they'd like to enable domain capture. To learn more, see [Viewing unclaimed accounts](#viewing-unclaimed-accounts).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Yes, a Team Admin can view the list of the unclaimed Postman accounts that will be captured prior to confirming they'd like to enable domain capture. To learn more, see [Viewing unclaimed accounts](/docs/administration/domain-verification-and-capture/add-and-verify-a-domain/#view-unclaimed-accounts).
```

### Does adding a domain automatically add all the team members with the organization’s domain to the organization’s team?

> No, after a Team Admin adds a domain, they must create a request for Postman's team to verify the domain or subdomain. Once both criteria are met, a Team Admin can create a request to enable domain capture. Postman support will then contact Team Admins to explain the effects of enabling domain capture. To learn more, see [Enabling domain capture](#enabling-domain-capture).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
No, after a Team Admin adds a domain, they must create a request for Postman's team to verify the domain or subdomain. Once both criteria are met, a Team Admin can create a request to enable domain capture. Postman support will then contact Team Admins to explain the effects of enabling domain capture. To learn more, see [Enabling domain capture](/docs/administration/domain-verification-and-capture/enable-domain-capture/).
```
